docs/examples.md, before:

---
description: Real world examples of content published using GitBook.
---

# Examples

More than 50,000 books have been published on [GitBook.com](https://www.gitbook.com/explore).

### Books

- [Front-end Handbook](https://www.gitbook.com/book/frontendmasters/front-end-handbook/details) by [Cody Lindley](http://codylindley.com)
- [How to make an Operating System](https://www.gitbook.com/book/samypesse/how-to-create-an-operating-system/details) by [@SamyPesse](https://github.com/SamyPesse)
- [Building Web Apps with Go](https://www.gitbook.com/book/codegangsta/building-web-apps-with-go/details) by [@codegangsta](https://github.com/codegangsta)
- [Django Girls Tutorial](http://tutorial.djangogirls.org/en/index.html) by [Django Girls](https://djangogirls.org)
- [Linux Inside](https://www.gitbook.com/book/0xax/linux-insides/details) by [0xAX](https://twitter.com/0xAX)
- [Learn Javascript](https://www.gitbook.com/book/gitbookio/javascript/details) by [GitBook](https://twitter.com/GitbookIO)

### Research Papers

- [TowCenter Collection](https://www.gitbook.com/@towcenter) by [Columbia Journalism School](http://www.journalism.columbia.edu/)
- [Block Relaxation Algorithms in Statistics](https://www.gitbook.com/@jandeleeuw) by Jan de Leeuw

### Documentation

- [DuckDuckHack Documentation](http://docs.duckduckhack.com) by [DuckDuckGo](https://duckduckgo.com/about)
- This documentation

Commit message:

Update examples.md (#1522)
By adding the Loomio and Enspiral handbook examples

docs/examples.md, after:

---
description: Real world examples of content published using GitBook.
---

# Examples

More than 50,000 books have been published on [GitBook.com](https://www.gitbook.com/explore).

### Books

- [Front-end Handbook](https://www.gitbook.com/book/frontendmasters/front-end-handbook/details) by [Cody Lindley](http://codylindley.com)
- [How to make an Operating System](https://www.gitbook.com/book/samypesse/how-to-create-an-operating-system/details) by [@SamyPesse](https://github.com/SamyPesse)
- [Building Web Apps with Go](https://www.gitbook.com/book/codegangsta/building-web-apps-with-go/details) by [@codegangsta](https://github.com/codegangsta)
- [Django Girls Tutorial](http://tutorial.djangogirls.org/en/index.html) by [Django Girls](https://djangogirls.org)
- [Linux Inside](https://www.gitbook.com/book/0xax/linux-insides/details) by [0xAX](https://twitter.com/0xAX)
- [Learn Javascript](https://www.gitbook.com/book/gitbookio/javascript/details) by [GitBook](https://twitter.com/GitbookIO)

### Research Papers

- [TowCenter Collection](https://www.gitbook.com/@towcenter) by [Columbia Journalism School](http://www.journalism.columbia.edu/)
- [Block Relaxation Algorithms in Statistics](https://www.gitbook.com/@jandeleeuw) by Jan de Leeuw

### Documentation

- [DuckDuckHack Documentation](http://docs.duckduckhack.com) by [DuckDuckGo](https://duckduckgo.com/about)
- [Loomio Handbook](http://loomio.coop/) by [Loomio](https://www.loomio.org/)
- [Enspiral Handbook](http://handbook.enspiral.com/) by [Enspiral](http://enspiral.com/)
- This documentation
