docs/README.md, before:

# GitBook Toolchain Documentation

This document aims to be a comprehensive guide to GitBook. It contains the full documentation for version **{{ book.version }}**. Help for GitBook.com specific questions can be found at [help.gitbook.com](https://help.gitbook.com).

### What is GitBook?

GitBook is a command line tool (and Node.js library) for building beautiful books using GitHub/Git and Markdown (or AsciiDoc). . This documentation has been generated using GitBook.

GitBook can output your content as a website ([customizable](themes/README.md) and [extensibles](plugins/README.md)) or as an ebook (PDF, ePub or Mobi).

[GitBook.com](https://www.gitbook.com) is the online platform to create and host books built using the GitBook format. It offers hosting, collaboration features and an [easy-to-use editor](https://www.gitbook.com/editor).

### Help and Support

We're always happy to help out with your books or any other questions you might have. You can ask a question on the following contact form at [gitbook.com/contact](https://www.gitbook.com/contact) or signal an issue on [GitHub](https://github.com/GitbookIO/gitbook).

Check out the [GitBook Community Slack Channel](https://slack.gitbook.com), Stay updated by following [@GitBookIO](https://twitter.com/GitBookIO) on Twitter or [GitBook](https://www.facebook.com/gitbookcom) on Facebook.

### FAQ

Some questions are frequently asked. If you have a problem you should  [check this out](faq.md) first.

### Contribute to this documentation

You can contribute to improve this documentation on [GitHub](https://github.com/GitbookIO/gitbook) by signaling issues or proposing changes.

Commit message:

Update docs to become legacy (#2016)
* Update links to legacy.gitbook.com

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update faq.md

docs/README.md, after:

# GitBook Toolchain Documentation

This document aims to be a comprehensive guide to the GitBook command line tool, version **3.2.3**. This is the same toolchain used by the legacy GitBook platform, living at legacy.gitbook.com. Help for using the platform can be found at [help.legacy.gitbook.com](https://help.legacy.gitbook.com). If you are looking for the new GitBook service, head to [gitbook.com](https://www.gitbook.com).

### What is `gitbook`?

`gitbook` is a command line tool (and Node.js library) for building beautiful books using GitHub/Git and Markdown (or AsciiDoc). This documentation has been generated using `gitbook.

`gitbook` can output your content as a website ([customizable](themes/README.md) and [extensibles](plugins/README.md)) or as an ebook (PDF, ePub or Mobi).

[legacy.gitbook.com](https://legacy.gitbook.com) is the online platform to create and host books built using the GitBook format. It offers hosting, collaboration features and an [easy-to-use editor](https://legacy.gitbook.com/editor).

### Help and Support

If you have problems with the toolchain, you can search for or open a discussion on [GitHub](https://github.com/GitbookIO/gitbook).

Check out the [GitBook Community Slack Channel](https://slack.gitbook.com) for help, and stay updated by following [@GitBookIO](https://twitter.com/GitBookIO) on Twitter or [GitBook](https://www.facebook.com/gitbookcom) on Facebook.

### FAQ

Some questions are frequently asked. If you have a problem you should  [check this out](faq.md) first.

### Contribute to this documentation

You can contribute to improve this documentation on [GitHub](https://github.com/GitbookIO/gitbook) by signaling issues or proposing changes.
